packages/api-cli/README.md, before:

# @polkadot/api-cli

A simple cli interface to the [@polkadot/api](https://github.com/polkadot-js/api).

## Usage

Commands are of the form,

```
yarn run:api [options] <type> <...params>
```

Where type is the type of query to be made, this takes the form of `<type>.<section>.<method>` where `type` is one of `consts`, `derive`, `query`, `rpc` `tx` (mapping to the API) and the `section` and `method` are available calls.

For instance to make a query to retrieve Alice's balances, you can do

```
yarn run:api query.system.account 5GrwvaEF5zXb26Fz9rcQpDWS57CtERHpNehXCPcNoHGKutQY
```

To do the same, running as a subscription and streaming results

```
yarn run:api query.system.account 5GrwvaEF5zXb26Fz9rcQpDWS57CtERHpNehXCPcNoHGKutQY --sub
```

To make a transfer from Alice to Bob, the following can be used -

```
yarn run:api tx.balances.transfer 5FHneW46xGXgs5mUiveU4sbTyGBzmstUspZC92UhjJM694ty 12345 --seed "//Alice"
```

### Sudo

Some transactions require superuser access. For example, to change the runtime code, you can do

```
yarn run:api --sudo --seed "//Alice" tx.system.setCode $(xxd -p test.wasm | tr -d $'\n' | xargs printf '0x%s')
```

Unpacking that command line:

- `--sudo`: don't use normal authentication, but instead get the superuser authentication from the test keyring and upgrade the following transaction
- `--seed "//Alice"`: attempt to use the Alice key as the superuser.
- `xxd -p test.wasm`: convert the file `test.wasm` into hexadecimal
- `tr -d $'\n'`: remove newlines from the hexadecimal blob
- `xargs printf '0x%s'`: insert a leading '0x' onto the front of the blob

In all cases when sudoing, the seed provided should be that of the superuser. For most development nets, that is `"//Alice"`.

## Global Installation

```
$ yarn global add @polkadot/api-cli
$ polkadot-js-api ...
```

## Other options

The `--ws` param can be used to connect to other Webscoket endpoints, when submitting transactions, you can use the `--seed <seed>` to specify an account seed. To read documentation on a call, use the `--info` command.

For a complete list of available commands, you can use `--help`

Commit message:

Add magic syntax to api-cli to treat a param as a file and handle it
Closes #104.

The leading `@` syntax was chosen because it doesn't conflict with
any standard bash syntax, should be familiar from TS imports, and
should not conflict with any normal operation which a user wants to
do with their transaction. No escapes were therefore implemented.

packages/api-cli/README.md, after:

# @polkadot/api-cli

A simple cli interface to the [@polkadot/api](https://github.com/polkadot-js/api).

## Usage

Commands are of the form,

```
yarn run:api [options] <type> <...params>
```

Where type is the type of query to be made, this takes the form of `<type>.<section>.<method>` where `type` is one of `consts`, `derive`, `query`, `rpc` `tx` (mapping to the API) and the `section` and `method` are available calls.

For instance to make a query to retrieve Alice's balances, you can do

```
yarn run:api query.system.account 5GrwvaEF5zXb26Fz9rcQpDWS57CtERHpNehXCPcNoHGKutQY
```

To do the same, running as a subscription and streaming results

```
yarn run:api query.system.account 5GrwvaEF5zXb26Fz9rcQpDWS57CtERHpNehXCPcNoHGKutQY --sub
```

To make a transfer from Alice to Bob, the following can be used -

```
yarn run:api tx.balances.transfer 5FHneW46xGXgs5mUiveU4sbTyGBzmstUspZC92UhjJM694ty 12345 --seed "//Alice"
```

### Files as Parameters

It is often desirable to include large binary blobs as transaction parameters. These blobs are often already present in the local filesystem. Therefore, the CLI has special syntax to make life easier: any transaction parameter whose initial character is `@` is treated as a path to a binary file; its contents are automatically converted into appropriate hex form before sending the tx.

The `sudo` example demonstrates this.

### Sudo

Some transactions require superuser access. For example, to change the runtime code, you can do

```
yarn run:api --sudo --seed "//Alice" tx.system.setCode @test.wasm
```

In all cases when sudoing, the seed provided should be that of the superuser. For most development nets, that is `"//Alice"`.

## Global Installation

```
$ yarn global add @polkadot/api-cli
$ polkadot-js-api ...
```

## Other options

The `--ws` param can be used to connect to other Webscoket endpoints, when submitting transactions, you can use the `--seed <seed>` to specify an account seed. To read documentation on a call, use the `--info` command.

For a complete list of available commands, you can use `--help`
